Privacy Policy

This policy applies to all information collected or submitted on our app.

Information we Collect
While using the app, we collect information about your device such as the device model, screen orientation, and device capabilities. This data is anonymous.
Should you decided to use Game Center to upload your scores, we will collect the number of times you rotate your device while the app is open, and the name and id of your Game Center account solely for the purposes of uploading your score to the global leaderboard.

Information Usage
We sue the information we collect to operate the app.
We do not share personal information with outside parties except to the extent necessary to accomplish the app's functionality.
We may disclose your information in response to subpoenas, court orders, or other legal requirements; to exercise our legal rights or defend against legal claims; to investigate, prevent, or take action regarding illegal activities, suspected fraud or abuse, violations of our policies; or to protect our rights and property.

Accessing, Changing, or Deleting your Information (score)
You may access your score by viewing the leaderboard in the app. You may request a copy of your information by contacting us. You may change your information in the app or by contacting us. You may delete your information by contacting us.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We comply with the California Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties without your consent.

Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
We never collect or maintain information at our app from those we actually know are under 13, and no part of our app is structured to attract anyone under 13.

Information for European Union Customers
By using the app and providing your information, you authorize us to collect, use, and store your information outside of the European Union.

International Transfers of Information
Information may be processed, stored, and used outside of the country in which you are located. Data privacy laws vary across jurisdictions, and different laws may be applicable to your data depending on where it is processed, stored, or used.

Your Consent
By using the app, you consent to our privacy policy.

Contacting Us
If you have questions regarding this privacy policy, you may email william@hatcher.work If you are requesting access, change, or deletion of your information, please provide your Game Center public username. Be sure to send your email from the email associated with your Game Center ID. 
